arranged by township giving name of licence holder ; situation and sign of premises ; name of owner ; convictions on premises ; date of transfer of licence ; plans ( incomplete ) .	arranged	0	1:organized	2:ordered	3:organised	4:placed	5:booked
the physical education , swimming and outdoor learning ( pesol ) team focuses on the health , safety and wellbeing of young people through a broad range of activities .	broad	25	1:wide	2:unspecific	3:unsubtle	4:extensive	5:all-encompassing
at least every 4 years or whenever the council wishes to amend its scheme , an independent remuneration panel has to consider the scheme and make recommendations to the council .	amend	11	1:improve	2:remedy	3:rectify	4:ameliorate	5:modify
make sure your child 's name is placed on the register at the learning destination , and they 'll send us their register to let us know to award credits .	award	28	1:accolade	2:honor	3:prize	4:honour	5:laurels
from the late 1920s , the addition of sound to film spurred another new wave of theatres in the 1930s , with the paragon becoming sheffield 's first cinema designed in the sound era .	spurred	11	1:prompted	2:sparked	3:led	4:fueled	5:triggered
the committee promotes and maintains high standards of conduct by councillors and co-opted members and oversees the members' code of conduct .	oversees	15	1:supervises	2:oversaw	3:coordinates	4:administers	5:supervised
development will be steered to areas with a low probability of flooding first through the application of the sequential test .	steered	3	1:headed	2:drifted	3:moved	4:heading	5:led
the scheme seeks to improve traffic flows along handsworth road in the vicinity of the asda junction , just above the a630 parkway .	seeks	2	1:aims	2:attempts	3:tries	4:strives	5:sought
the revised scheme would be funded from better bus area funding ( a government grant to the sheffield bus partnership ) and a contribution from the sheffield city region investment fund .	revised	1	1:retool	2:amended	3:modified	4:amend	5:modify
licences will not be issued to applicants who have had a site licence revoked within three years of the current application .	issued	4	1:released	2:published	3:submitted	4:filed	5:signed
developing and stimulating local economic growth is a key component of sustainability , providing local employment opportunities and services and reducing the need to travel .	stimulating	2	1:energize	2:fostering	3:inducing	4:induce	5:encourage
greenhill is situated approximately 7km south of the city centre and close to the outer ring road and edge of the city .	situated	2	1:located	2:locate	3:reside	4:placed	5:occupy
if you disobey this order you will be guilty of contempt of court and may be sent to prison or fined or your assets seized .	assets	23	1:plus	2:funds	3:investments	4:investment	5:liabilities
the pet advisory committee suggest setting_aside a designated area for your garden , using a command word before they go to the toilet and praising them when finished .	setting aside	5
pv systems can vary_significantly in price but prices have come down substantially since the launch of the feed in tariff .	vary significantly	3	1:may vary	2:vary from	3:varied	4:varies	5:will vary
depending on location , applications that include proposals for lighting sports pitches , car parks and large_scale buildings can raise issues relating to glare and light pollution .	large scale	16	1:small scale	2:large-scale	3:global scale	4:larger scale	5:scale in
the physical education , swimming and outdoor learning (pesol) team focuses on the health , safety and wellbeing of young people through a_broad_range_of activities .	a broad range of	22
for example we can recommend a more_suitable payment method , change the date of your payment or give you advice on claiming benefits or allowances that you may be entitled to .	more suitable	6	1:suitable for	2:more appropriate	3:be suitable	4:more useful	5:more attractive
it is really important for us to understand what 's happening in the housing market , and to be_aware_of how this may be changing .	be aware of	18	1:should be aware	2:mindful	3:recognize	4:acknowledge	5:understand
many government documents describe the importance of giving children and young people a say in matters that affect their lives .	matters	15	1:issues	2:considerations	3:affairs	4:aspects	5:decisions
